                                                         Day12-Wednesday
     Today i will learn types of routers & switches & ascii & utf & utf-8 & string.Data is information that has been translated into a form 
 that is efficient for movement.The statistical data is broadly divided into numerical data, categorical data, and original data.All the 
 the data, string, numbers are converted into the binary words.The programming system made for humans.The computer only identify the binary
 number system.ASCII, abbreviation of American Standard Code For Information Interchange, a standard data-transmission code that is used by 
 smaller and less-powerful computers to represent both textual data (letters, numbers, and punctuation marks) and non input-device commands 
 (control characters).ASCII is used as a method to give all computers the same language, allowing them to share documents and files.The 
 Unicode Transformation Format (UTF) is a character encoding format which is able to encode all of the possible character code points in 
 Unicode.You cannot encode different parts of a document in different encodings. A Unicode-based encoding such as UTF-8 can support many 
 languages and can accommodate pages and forms in any mixture of those languages.UTF-8 (UCS Transformation Format 8) is the World Wide Web's 
 most common character encoding. Each character is represented by one to four bytes. UTF-8 is the most widely used way to represent Unicode 
 text in web pages, and you should always use UTF-8 when creating your web pages and databases.programming languages have a data type called 
 a string, which is used for data values that are made up of ordered sequences of characters, such as "hello world".A router is a networking 
 device that forwards data packets between computer networks. Routers perform the traffic directing functions on the Internet.A wired router 
 connects directly to computers through wired connections. They usually have a port that connects to the modem to communicate with the internet. 
 Another port allows the wired router to connect to computers and other devices to distribute information.A wireless router is a 
 device in a wireless local area network (WLAN) that determines the next network point to which a packet should be forwarded toward its 
 destination.A core router is a computer communication system device and a network's backbone, the device linking all network devices. 
 It provides multiple fast data communication interfaces. The word "core" refers to a network's overall physical structure.edge router is a 
 specialized router located at a network boundary that enables an internal network to connect to external networks. They are primarily used 
 at two demarcation points: the wide area network and the internet.VPN router is a type of routing device that is designed specifically to 
 enable network communications within a VPN environment. It primarily enables connecting and communicating between multiple VPN end devices, 
 usually present in separate locations.A switch is a device in a computer network that connects other devices together. Multiple data cables 
 are plugged into a switch to enable communication between different networked devices.KVM stands for Keyboard Video Mouse and KVM switches 
 allow you to switch the use of a keyboard, display and mouse between multiple computers. KVM switches also commonly let you switch audio 
 and USB devices between computers.A managed network switch is a technology that connects multiple devices together on a single Local Area 
 Network (LAN). A managed network switch uses packet switching to filter and forward data to specific devices, while also providing 
 administrators with the ability to configure, manage and monitor a LAN. 
