                                                                      DAY10-MONDAY
       Today i will learn how to make presentation, algorithem ,arithmatic & boolean & motherboard slots function.A compelling introduction. Your introduction
  needs to briefly sum up what you're going to talk about and why it's useful or relevant to your audience.
  An arithmetic operation is specified by combining operands with one arithmetic operator. Arithmetic operations can also be specified by the ADD, SUBTRACT, 
  DIVIDE, and MULTIPLY built-in functions.
                               Addition 	+ 	Adds one operand to the other
                               Subtraction 	- 	Subtracts the second operand from the first
                               Multiplication 	* 	Multiplies one operand by the other
                               Division 	/ 	Divides the first operand by the second
                               Modulo 	        % 	Divides the first INTEGER operand by the second, and returns the remainder
                               Exponentiation 	** 	Lets you refer to a number in terms of a base value and an exponent.
     Boolean Operators are simple words (AND, OR, NOT or AND NOT) used as conjunctions to combine or exclude keywords in a search, resulting in more focused and 
  productive results. This should save time and effort by eliminating inappropriate hits that must be scanned before discarding.
                              AND. AND will narrow your search results to include only relevant results that contain your required keywords. ...
                              OR. 
                              NOT. 
                              Quotation Marks “ “
                              Parentheses ( )  
     An algorithm is a set of instructions for solving a problem or accomplishing a task. One common example of an algorithm is a recipe, which consists of 
  specific instructions for preparing a dish or meal.
     There are three basic constructs in an algorithm:
            Linear Sequence: is progression of tasks or statements that follow one after the other.
            Conditional: IF-THEN-ELSE is decision that is made between two course of actions.
            Loop: WHILE and FOR are sequences of statements that are repeated a number of times.
   Motherboard slots;
     1. Keyboard and mouse
          There are mainly 2 types of mouse and keyboard connectors. The first connector is known as PS/2 & the second connector is known as USB.
     2. Universal Serial Bus (USB)
          The USB port is used for connecting the computer system. In the computer system, there is various type of devices that are connected with the USB port 
  like keyboard, mouse, camera, scanner, printers, and another device. The main use of a USB port is to connect the peripheral devices and computer motherboards. 
  The peripheral device connected to the computer system can be inserted or remove without system restarts that can be the main advantage of a USB port.
     3. CPU chip
          The central processing unit is the processor that controls all the functions of the computer system. The overall flow of task and functions are 
  controlled by the central processing unit. For the computer system, the central processing unit is called the brain of the computer system.
     4. RAM slots
          The RAM slots are used for connecting the RAM (memory) in the computer system. In the general computer system, there are mainly two RAM slots but 
  sometimes there can be four-plus slots in the motherboard to increase the memory of the computer system.
     5. Floppy Controller
          The older motherboard chip contains a 34-pin type ribbon cable for connecting the computer system with a floppy drive. In this ribbon cable, one end 
  is directly connected with the computer system and one end is connected with the motherboard.
     6. IDE controller
          The integrated drive electronics are also known as ATA or Parallel ATA. The IDE is the type of component that issued for hard drive control. In 
  today’s computer system, the IDE controller supports is not supported.
     7. ISA slot
          Industry-standard architecture (ISA) is defined as standard architecture for expansion bus. The ISA slot issued for connecting input devices and modems.
     8. CMOS Battery
          The CMOS battery is used for storing the BIOS settings on the motherboard. The CMOS battery is also capable of storing the time and data in it.
     9. CPU slot
          The CPU slot is a type of port that is used to connect the central processing unit to the motherboard of the computer system.
    10. Power supply slot
          The power supply slot is used for providing the electric supply to the computer system so that it can start and perform its functions. The total power 
   supply given to the system is around 110 ac power. In the power supply type connector, there are a total of 20-pins that are used to maintain the power 
   supply to the computer system.
