                                                              Day16-Tuesday
       Today I am learning about UI,UX & Wire Frame,Network,Network device,Binary to Decimal,Decimal to Binary,NIC Address,System Communication,
 Protocal,DNS,DHCP,HTTP,Port Number,TCP & IP Reference Model.
 
 User interface & User Experience: 
         User interface (UI) design refers to the aesthetic elements by which people interact with a product, such as buttons, icons, 
 menu bars, typography, colors, and more. User experience (UX) design refers to the experience a user has when interacting with a product.
 UX (user experience) and UI (user interface) are two interdependent terms. While UI generally deals with the interaction between users and 
 computer systems, software and applications, UX deals more generally with a user's overall experience with a brand, product or service.User 
 interface (UI) design focuses on the appearance and usability of a website, mobile application, software program and other interactive 
 platforms. To succeed as a UI designer, it's important to develop your hard and soft skills, including technical, teamwork and interpersonal 
 skills.UX Designer is focused on all aspects of a product's development, including design, usability, function, and even branding and 
 marketing.  Their work touches the entire end-to-end journey of a user's interaction with a product, and includes identifying new 
 opportunities for the product and business."User experience" encompasses all aspects of the end-user's interaction with the company, its 
 services, and its products.

 WIRE FRAME:
         A wireframe is a two-dimensional illustration of a page's interface that specifically focuses on space allocation and prioritization 
 of content, functionalities available, and intended behaviors. For these reasons, wireframes typically do not include any styling, color, 
 or graphics.A wireframe is a low-fidelity design layout that serves three simple but exact purposes: It presents the information that will 
 be displayed on the page. It gives an outline of structure and layout of the page. It conveys the overall direction and description of the 
 user interface.A  wireframe is a basic, two-dimensional visual representation of a web page, app interface, or product layout.

 NETWORK:
       A network consists of two or more computers that are linked in order to share resources, exchange files, or allow electronic 
 communications. The computers on a network may be linked through cables, telephone lines, radio waves, satellites, or infrared light beams.
   * A computer network is mainly of four types:
           1) LAN(Local Area Network)
           2) PAN(Personal Area Network)
           3) MAN(Metropolitan Area Network)
           4) WAN(Wide Area Network)
 NETWORK DEVICE:
    NETWORK INTERFACE CARD:
         The network interface card (NIC) or network card is the hardware device most essential to establishing communication between computers.
         * There are two types NIC they are,
               1) Ethernet NIC.
               2) Wireless Network NIC.
    SWITCH:
        A switch is used in a wired network to connect to other devices using Ethernet cables. The switch allows each connected device to talk 
  to the others. Wireless-only networks do not use switches because devices such as wireless routers and adapters communicate directly with 
  one another.
     HUB:
       A network hub is a node that broadcasts data to every computer or Ethernet-based device connected to it.
     ROUTER:
       A router is a device that connects two or more packet-switched networks or subnetworks.        
 
 BINARY TO DECIMAL:
      Binary to decimal conversion is done to convert a number given in the binary number system to its equivalent value in the decimal number 
 system. A number system is a format to represent numbers in a certain way. The binary number system is used in computers and electronic 
 systems to represent data and it consists of only two digits which are 0 and 1. The decimal number system is the most commonly used number 
 system around the world which is easily understandable to people. It consists of digits from 0 to 9.

 Nic Address:
     Every NIC has a 48-bit unique serial number called a MAC address which is stored in ROM carried on the card. Every computer must have at
   least one NIC if it wants to connect to the internet. NIC is not the only component that is required to connect to the internet. 
 
 Protocal:
     protocol, in computer science, a set of rules or procedures for transmitting data between electronic devices, such as computers. In order 
 for computers to exchange information, there must be a preexisting agreement as to how the information will be structured and how each side 
 will send and receive it.

 DNS:
   DNS stands for Domain Name System. DNS is a directory service that provides a mapping between the name of a host on the network and its 
 numerical address. DNS is required for the functioning of the internet. Each node in a tree has a domain name, and a full domain name is a 
 sequence of symbols specified by dots.
 
 DHCP:
   Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol (DHCP) is a network management protocol used to automate the process of configuring devices on 
 IP networks, thus allowing them to use network services such as DNS, NTP, and any communication protocol based on UDP or TCP.

 HTTP:
   HTTP represents "Hypertext Transfer Protocol." HTTP is the protocol that can transfer information over the network. It is the Internet 
 protocol suite method and defines commands and functions used for sharing web page data. HTTP uses a server-client model.

 PORT NUMBER:
   A port number is always associated with an IP address of a host and the type of transport protocol used for communication. It completes the 
 destination or origination network address of a message.A port number is a way to identify a specific process to which an internet or other 
 network message is to be forwarded when it arrives at a server. All network-connected devices come equipped with standardized ports that have 
 an assigned number.
 
 TCP/IP Reference model:
   The four layers in the TCP/IP protocol suite are 
      * Network Layer −
          It is the lowest layer that is concerned with the physical transmission of data. TCP/IP does not specifically define any protocol 
  here but supports all the standard protocols.
      * Internet Layer −
          It defines the protocols for logical transmission of data over the network. The main protocol in this layer is Internet Protocol (IP) 
  and it is supported by the protocols ICMP, IGMP, RARP, and ARP.
      * Transport Layer − 
          It is responsible for error-free end-to-end delivery of data. The protocols defined here are Transmission Control Protocol (TCP) 
  and User Datagram Protocol (UDP).
      *  Application Layer − 
          This is the topmost layer and defines the interface of host programs with the transport layer services. This layer includes all 
  high-level protocols.
 
   
      






























