                                                             Day13-Tuesday
       Today I am learning about primitive function,list,array,null,number,boolean,operation&function and then symbols,words,expression& 
 Grammar,router protocal in ccna, RIP V2,IGRP,EIGRP,OSPF & BGP.In computer programming, a primitive is a basic interface or segment of code 
 that can be used to build more sophisticated program elements.Examples of primitive data types include integers, floating point numbers and 
 individual characters in text.List is the most versatile data type available in functional programming languages used to store a collection 
 of similar data items.An array is a group of same data types. For example an int array holds the elements of int types while a float array 
 holds the elements of float types.Null is a built-in constant that has a value of zero. It is the same as the character 0 used to terminate 
 strings in C.Most programming languages make a distinction between whole numbers and decimal numbers. This distinction is based on how they 
 are represented inside the machine. Integers are whole numbers represented as binary values.Boolean is a logical data type that can have only 
 the values true or false .An operation, in mathematics and computer science, is an action that is carried out to accomplish a given task. 
 The function contains instructions used to create the output from its input.For example, programming functions might take as input any 
 integer or number.
        A symbol is a person, place, action, word, or thing that ( association, or convention) represents something other than itself.A symbol 
 is a mark, sign, or word that indicates, signifies, or is understood as representing an idea, object, or relationship. A word is a single 
 unit of language that can be represented in writing or speech.All words belong to categories called word classes according to the part they 
 play in a sentence. Token is a sign, symbol or a piece of stamped metal used instead of currency. An example of a token is someone giving 
 their friend a "best friends" necklace.Definition of an example of expression is a frequently used word or phrase or it is a way to convey 
 your thoughts, feelings or emotions.Expression a word, phrase, or sentence. Fixed expression, a form of words with a specific meaning.Grammar, 
 rules of a language governing the sounds, words, sentences, and other elements, as well as their combination and interpretation. The word 
 grammar also denotes the study of these abstract features or a book presenting these rules.There are two kinds of grammar: prescriptive 
 grammar & descriptive grammar. 1. Prescriptive Grammar: It is the traditional approach of grammar that tells people how to use the English 
 language, what forms they should utilize, and what functions they should serve.Syntax is the order or arrangement of words and phrases to 
 form proper sentences. The most basic syntax follows a subject + verb + direct object.Syntax, the arrangement of words in sentences, clauses, 
 and phrases, and the study of the formation of sentences and the relationship of their component parts.
        Both versions of RIP, RIPv1 and RIPv2, are Distance Vector Routing Protocols that use router hop counts as their metrics. They 
 support a maximum hop count value of 15. Any router farther than 15 hops away is considered to be unreachable.IGRP is a distance-vector 
 interior gateway protocol (IGP). Distance-vector routing protocols call for each router to send all or a portion of its routing table in 
 a routingupdate message at regular intervals to each of its neighboring routers.Open Shortest Path First (OSPF) is a link-state routing 
 protocol that was developed for IP networks and is based on the Shortest Path First (SPF) algorithm. OSPF is an Interior Gateway Protocol.
 Enhanced Interior Gateway Routing Protocol (EIGRP) is a network protocol that enables routers to exchange information more efficiently than 
 earlier network protocols, such as Interior Gateway Routing Protocol.Border Gateway Protocol (BGP) is an exterior gateway protocol designed 
 to exchange routing and reachability information among autonomous systems (AS) on the Internet.         
