                                                               Day28-Thursday

    Today I am learned how to make presentation, what are the way to attend interview, how to present our project , What are the possible way to 
  speak clearly on interview.When it comes to what you have to say, break it down into three simple sections: your presentation needs an 
  introduction, body, and conclusion.Your introduction needs to briefly sum up what you’re going to talk about and why it’s useful or relevant 
  to your audience.The body of your presentation is where you hit the facts, quotes, and evidence to back up your main points.Too much text 
  and the audience will just be reading the screen instead of looking at you and feeling the emotional impact of your message.A good design 
  can make or break a presentation.Use the colors most relevant to your message. At first you might have a huge amount of information and will 
  wonder how you’re ever going get it down to six words per slide.How you start and finish your presentation will make all the difference. 
  Audiences usually make up their minds about someone in the first seven seconds, so make those first moments count.Whatever you’re saying, 
  speak from the heart and don’t try to impress – there’s no need to prove yourself, just to get the point across as you see it. After all, 
  that’s why you’re there, and you can’t do more than that. content and design of your presentation, it can be easy to overlook other 
  variables that are within your control for a stress-free delivery.You’re coming to the end of your presentation. How do you wrap it up in 
  a way that will be everlasting in their memories? The experts recommend you focus on the feeling you want the audience to take home.
   
  How to Make a Presentation (Step-by-Step)
     *Start a blank presentation.
     *Type text into your title slide.
     *Insert more slides.
     *Add content to slides.
     *Change the design.
     *Add animations & transitions 
     *Save your presentation.
  
   That first non-verbal impression can be a great beginning—or quick ending—to your interview.don’t interrupt when the other person is talking;
 maintain good eye contact, lean forward, and face the speaker directly; Making a great impression and demonstrating your best qualities 
 during an interview increases your chances of getting a job offer.It is important to get an understanding of the company and the interviewer's 
 role in the organization. Learning this information can help you feel more confident in the interview. Look confident and accessible the 
 moment you enter the premises. Sit or stand upright. Build self-confidence and release anxiety and stress by taking deep, slow breaths. 
 When the interviewer offers a handshake, stand upright, look at the person confidently and smile. Be firm in your handshake.Being authentic 
 during interview conversations helps employers relate to you. A smile and positive body language can help you feel relaxed when speaking with 
 interviewers.It can be tempting to overstate your accomplishments and skills, however, interviewers prefer and respect honesty. Stay focused 
 on your major strengths and explain how your background qualifies you for the position.If you don't know the answer, tell i don't know. I will 
 learn in few months. Don't argue with the others.Interviewers are usually busy and only have a limited amount of time for each interview,
 so keep your responses concise. Stay focused by practising your answers ahead of time.So don't bury your selling points in long-winded 
 stories. Instead, tell the interviewer what your selling point is first,then give the example.Avoid offering up jokes and funny stories. If 
 the interviewer is more informal and chatty, adjust your communication style accordingly by responding in a more informal tone while still 
 showing respect.It is easy to move off the subject and chatter about irrelevant topics.Effective communication means keeping your answers 
 concise and to-the-point and making sure you are answering what is asked.It is advisable to ask for clarification if you are unsure what 
 the interviewer means or wants.Don't guess and make assumptions, this usually results in an inappropriate response.You could talk about how 
 you taught yourself a language or instrument to illustrate that you can learn new skills and techniques.Discussing how you helped organize 
 a community event can exemplify your leadership skills.
      
  
   




