                                                            Day20-Monday
         Today I am learning about UI & UX Design, Spanning tree protocal,Address resolution protocal, Access control unit, Power over ethernet,
  Cisco WLC, Link layer discovery protocal.User Experience Usability is finding the best match between a user’s needs and aproduct’s use While 
  this is a specialty by itself, a computer scientist/developer.
  can grow an appreciation for UX, which affects
            1. Functionality
            2. System Or ganization and Structure
            3. Interactions and Look and Feel
            4. Access
   User interface The point of interaction or communication between a computer and another entity, such as a printer or human operator. 
   Information flows in one direction or two.The layout of an application's graphic, spoken, touch, or textual controls in conjunction 
   with the way the application responds to user activity.
       Figma is a vector graphics editor and prototyping tool that is often used for UI design.Figma has a wireframe template to get you 
   started. Figma is browser-based, so sharing your wireframes is as easy as sharing a link.The process of user experience and user interface. 
   This will be done in three stages:
      1) Wireframe
          Sketching the layout
      2) Prototype
          Preparing the user interface from the wireframe
      3)Design in Figma
          Completing the design from the prototype with color, image.
    
   Spanning tree protocal:
        panning Tree Protocol (STP) is a network protocol designed to prevent layer 2 loops. STP blocks some ports on switches with redundant 
   links to prevent broadcast storms and ensure loop-free topology.Monitoring all link of network.Spanning-tree protocols address both of these 
   issues because they provide link redundancy while simultaneously preventing undesirable loops.

   Address resolution protocal:
        Address Resolution Protocol (ARP) is a communication protocol used to find the MAC (Media Access Control) address of a device from its 
   IP address. This protocol is used when a device wants to communicate with another device on a Local Area Network or Ethernet.ARP broadcasts 
   a request packet to all the machines on the LAN and asks if any of the machines are using that particular IP address. ARP is the protocol 
   used to associate the IP address to a MAC address.ARP is necessary because the underlying ethernet hardware communicates using ethernet 
   addresses, not IP addresses. 

   Access control unit:
       Access control systems are the electronic systems that are designed to control through a network and they should have an access to a 
   network. Access Control System recognizes authenticates entry of a person to enter into the premise thereby giving complete protection 
   ensuring security with the system.Access control systems are digital networks that electronically control entry into and out of a designated 
   area. The main elements of an access control system are the tag, tag reader, access control panel, and lock. 
    
   Access control list:
       An access control list (ACL) is a list of rules that specifies which users or systems are granted or denied access to a particular 
   object or system resource. Access control lists are also installed in routers or switches, where they act as filters, managing which 
   traffic can access the network.
     Standard ACL:
        * Based on source IP
        * Both direction work
        * All service
     Extended ACL:
        * Both IP & PORTS
        * Single direction
        * Single service

   Power over ethernet:
       Power over Ethernet (PoE) is a technology for delivering DC power to devices over copper Ethernet cabling, without separate power 
   supplies.Power over Ethernet (PoE) is technology that passes electric power over twisted-pair Ethernet cable to powered devices (PD), 
   such as wireless access points, IP cameras, and VoIP phones in addition to the data that cable usually carries. It enables one RJ45 cable 
   to provide both data connection and electric power to PDs instead of having a separate cable for each.

   CISCO WLC:
       A wireless LAN controller (WLC) is a network component that manages wireless network access points and allows wireless devices to 
   connect to the network.The main function of a traditional wireless LAN controller (WLC ) is to configure wireless access points (AP) 
   that connect to it locally.The Cisco Wireless Controller (WLC) series devices provide a single solution to configure, manage and support
   corporate wireless networks, regardless of their size and locations.

   Link layer discovery protocal:
       The Link Layer Discovery Protocol (LLDP) is a vendor-neutral link layer protocol used by network devices for advertising their 
   identity, capabilities, and neighbors on a local area network based on IEEE 802 technology, principally wired Ethernet.Link Layer Discovery 
   Protocol (LLDP) is a vendor-neutral link layer protocol used by network devices to advertise the attributes of a device. These attributes 
   contain type, length, and value descriptions and are referred to as TLVs. LLDP supported devices use TLVs to receive and send information 
   to neighboring devices.
