                                                                       29/03/22-Tuesday
     This is my 6th day session.I will learn Propositional statement, Propositional logic ,Variables&connectives & html.In logic and philosophy, a propositional
  statement is a sentence or expression that is either true or false.A statement is propositional because it makes a proposition about the  world; 
  that is, it asserts a truth.Ex;“if the moon is made of cheese then basketballs are round,” and “if spiders have eight legs then Sam walks with a limp” are 
  exactly the same.Propositional logic, also known as sentential logic and statement logic, is the branch of logic that studies ways of joining and/or 
  modifying entire propositions, statements or sentences to form more complicated propositions, statements or sentences, as well as the logical relationships 
  and properties that are derived.A proposition is a statement that can be either true or false; it must be one or the other, and it cannot be both.
  Ex; the reactor is on; – the wing-flaps are up; – John Major is prime minister.Variables and connectives types Logical Not , Logical AND & Logical OR.
  The logical NOT operator (logical complement, negation) takes truth to falsity and vice versa. It is typically used with boolean (logical) values. When used 
  with non-Boolean values, it returns false if its single operand can be converted to true ; otherwise, returns true .Logical AND; ex: p; All the squares are 
  rectangle. q; Triangle has 3 sides. Logical OR a logical proposition is any proposition that can be reduced by replacement of its constituent terms to a 
  proposition expressing a logical truth.HTML, in full hypertext markup language, a formatting system for displaying material retrieved over the Internet.
  Each retrieval unit is known as a Web page, and such pages frequently contain hypertext links that allow related pages to be retrieved.Text-based approach 
  to describing how content contained within an HTML file is structured.
  HTML Basic code;
                <html> 	 HTML document
                <head> 	 metadata/information for the document
                <title>  title for the document
                <body> 	 the document's body
                <h1> to <h6>  HTML headings
                <p> 	  paragraph
                <br> 	  single line break
                <hr> 	  thematic change in the content
                <!--...--> comment.
      Propositions in philosophy;
             In philosophy, "meaning" is understood to be a non-linguistic entity which is shared by all sentences with the same meaning. Equivalently, 
  a proposition is the non-linguistic bearer of truth or falsity which makes any sentence that expresses it either true or false.
 
     Proposition is a declarative statement that is either true or false but not both. Connectives are used to combine thepropositions. 
  The disjunction of P and Q is theproposition 'P or Q'. This new proposition is true when P is true, or Q is true, or both.

   There are five types in propositional logic:

                * Negations.
                * Conjunctions.
                * Disjunctions.
                * Conditionals.
                * Biconditionals.

    The truth-value of a compound statement can readily be tested by means of a chart known as a truth table. Each row of the table represents a possible 
   combination of truth-values for the component propositions of the compound, and the number of rows is determined by the number of possible combinations. 
   For example, if the compound contains just two component propositions, there will be four possibilities and thus four rows to the table. 
