                                                                       30/3/22-Wednesday
     This is 7th day session at surfboard.Today i will learn propositional truth tables for Logic AND, Logic OR &  Logic NOT & Logic Implication & Logic 
 Biconditional& Server & types of server hardware & Gaming PC.Propositional logic, also known as sentential logic, is that branch of logic that studies ways 
 of combining or altering statements or propositions to form more complicated statements or propositions. Logic Implication is a type of relationship between 
 two statements or sentences. The relation translates verbally into "logically implies" or "if/then" and is symbolized by a double-lined arrow pointing toward 
 the right.The definition of implication is something that is inferred. An example of implication is the policeman connecting a person to a crime even though 
 there is no evidence.Logic Biconditional is a logic statement that includes the phrase, "if and only if," sometimes abbreviated as "iff." The logical 
 biconditional comes in several different forms: p iff q. p if and only if q. Ex;The polygon has only four sides if and only if the polygon is a quadrilateral. 
 The polygon is a quadrilateral if and only if the polygon has only four sides. The quadrilateral has four congruent sides and angles if and only if the 
 quadrilateral is a square.I will learn how to use git div comment.This element is used to add a comment to an HTML document. An HTML comment begins with 
 <! –– and the comment closes with ––> . HTML comments are visible to anyone that views the page source code, but are not rendered when the HTML document is 
 rendered by a browser.Use the textContent property to get the text of a div element, e.g. const result = element. textContent . The textContent property will
 return the text content of the div and its descendants. If the element is empty, an empty string is returned.In this element used to develop lenth,width&
 background color changing.A server is a computer program or device that provides a service to another computer program and its user, also known as the client. 
 In a data center, the physical computer that a server program runs on is also frequently referred to as a server.Servers are computers that run services to 
 serve the needs of other computers. There are, for example, home media servers, web servers, and print servers. There are also file servers and database servers.
 Types of server hardware is tower,blade& rack sever.A tower server is a computer intended for use as a server and built in an upright cabinet that stands alone.
 The cabinet, called a tower, is similar in size and shape to the cabinet for a tower-style personal computer. This is in contrast to rack server s or blade 
 server s, which are designed to be rack-mounted .Server rack cabinet, it is enclosed to ensure security. Server racks are most commonly found in data center 
 environments, but can also be used in smaller computer closets. The 19-inch server rack is the standardized size frame or enclosure for mounting equipment, 
 and is used for computer server equipment.In general, a blade server consists of a chassis, or box-like structure, housing multiple thin, modular electronic 
 circuit boards, known as server blades. They are called blades because of their ultra-thin shape. Each blade contains a single server, often dedicated to a 
 single application.Each server is designated to play a specific role. However, the main job of a server is to receive, store, and send data within a network.
 The function of a server is to receive, store, and share data. Some of the most common types of servers include web servers, print servers, file servers, 
 mail servers, application servers.A web server is a computer that runs websites. It's a computer program that distributes web pages as they are requisitioned. 
 The basic objective of the web server is to store, process and deliver web pages to the users. This intercommunication is done using Hypertext Transfer Protocol 
 (HTTP).A mail server is a computer system that sends and receives email. In many cases, web servers and mail servers are combined in a single machine. However, 
 large ISPs and public email services may use dedicated hardware for sending and receiving email.A file server is a computer responsible for the storage and 
 management of data files so that other computers on the same network can access the files. It enables users to share information over a network without having 
 to physically transfer files.An application server is a modern form of platform middleware. It is system software that resides between the operating system 
 (OS) on one side, the external resources on another side and the users' applications on the third side.A proxy server is a computer system or router that 
 functions as a relay between client and server. It helps prevent an attacker from invading a private network and is one of several tools used to build a 
 firewall. The word proxy means "to act on behalf of another," and a proxy server acts on behalf of the user.Gaming PC is  high-end Windows PC that is suited 
 for gaming. Although available ready built, gaming PCs are often custom made for the serious enthusiast. They have as much as 32GB of RAM and the fastest CPU 
 and GPU chips that are generally no more than one generation behind.



