                                                          31/3/22-Thursday
 This is my 8th day in surfboard. Today i will learn git margin& padding,Gaming pc & hardware & algorithem& professional pc.An element's padding area is the
 space between its content and its border. Note: Padding creates extra space within an element. In contrast, margin creates extra space around an element.
 The margin property sets or returns the margins of an element. This property can take from one to four values: One value, like: div {margin: 50px} - all 
 four margins will be 50px. Two values, like: div {margin: 50px 10px} - the top and bottom margins will be 50px, left and right margins will be 10px. A 
 high-end Windows PC that is suited for gaming. Although available ready built, gaming PCs are often custom made for the serious enthusiast. They have as much 
 as 32GB of RAM and the fastest CPU and GPU chips that are generally no more than one generation behind.Types of hardware is CPU,GPU,Motherboard,Memory,System 
 cooling,Operating system.A machine running an Intel® Core™ i7 processor or better with at least 8GB of RAM is sufficient for playing games and streaming at 
 the same time. If you're hoping for less impact on your gaming performance, an Intel® Core™ i9 processor makes for an even smoother experience. NVIDIA GT 
 graphics card is built for standard use, while a GTX graphics card is built for high-end gaming. Numbered series: This indicates how new the GPU is. For 
 Motherboards do not directly influence your gaming performance at all. What your motherboard type will do, is allow your graphics card and processor to 
 perform better (or worse). It's sort of similar to a Solid State Drive's impact on FPS.example, the 30 series is newer than the 20 series.RAM 
 (random access memory) is a key component in any gaming PC. Adding more RAM can boost system responsiveness and improve frame rates when compared to systems 
 with less memory.Liquid cooling takes up less space than fans. A traditional air-cooled system relies on a series of fans cooling various components within 
 Windows 10 is the latest version of Microsoft Windows. As such, it is a much-improved iteration of the OS that brings together a few unique aspects. For 
 example, PC players can fully integrate games with Xbox LIVE, have full controller support, and more. Windows 10 is perfect for those new to PCs and PC gaming.
 the gaming PC case.If you've calculated that your system is going to use 500 watts (a common number for a straightforward gaming build), choosing a PSU with 
 600 or 650-watt output could be a good option, as it will give you some overhead to work with, and also allow for potential future upgrades.
      A programming algorithm is a procedure or formula used for solving a problem. It is based on conducting a sequence of specified actions in which these 
 actions describe how to do something, and your computer will do it exactly that way every time. An algorithm works by following a procedure, made up of inputs.
     
     Workstations are desktop PCs designed to handle demanding workflows such as data science, 3D design, video editing, and engineering.workstation, a 
 high-performance computer system that is basically designed for a single user and has advanced graphics capabilities, large storage capacity, and a powerful 
 central processing unit.LED monitors are the latest types of monitors on the market today. These are flat panel, or slightly curved displays which make use of 
 light-emitting diodes for back-lighting, instead of cold cathode fluorescent (CCFL) back-lighting used in LCDs.workstation, a high-performance computer 
 system that is basically designed for a single user and has advanced graphics capabilities, large storage capacity, and a powerful central processing unit.
 There are two main types of RAM: Dynamic RAM (DRAM) and Static RAM (SRAM). DRAM (pronounced DEE-RAM), is widely used as a computer's main memory.Read-Only 
 Memory (ROM) is storage technology that permanently stores data in a chip built into computers and other electronic devices. ROM includes the most basic 
 programming needed to start a computer, often referred to as Basic Input/Output System (BIOS).Modern personal computers universally use switched-mode power 
 supplies. Some power supplies have a manual switch for selecting input voltage, while others automatically adapt to the mains voltage.There are three different
 kinds of hard drives: SATA, SSD and NVMe. In this article, you'll learn about each type and what their strengths and weaknesses are. Whether you are 
 considering buying or building a new PC or upgrading your current one, this should help you choose one over the others.There are three main types of optical 
 media: CD, DVD, and Blu-ray disc. CDs can store up to 700 MB (megabytes) of data, and DVDs can store up to 8.4 GB (gigabytes) of data. Blu-ray discs, which are 
 the newest type of optical media, can store up to 50 GB of data. 
