                                                 Extreme Ownership- The Book Summary 
    In Extreme Ownership, retired SEAL officers Willink and Babin share the leadership principles that have enabled SEAL leaders and teams 
 to achieve extraordinary results.In high-pressure, high-stake situations, leaders’ decisions and actions have an immediate impact, and 
 often decide the outcome of a mission. On the battlefield, this could mean the life or death of team members, with implications for the 
 mission and war.The success of SEAL operations is built on individual excellence and teamwork, made possible by great leadership at all 
 levels.Willink and Babin fought in Ramadi (Iraq) after the terrorist attack on the U.S. on 11 September 2001. They later became leadership 
 instructors for the Navy SEALs.A true leader takes 100% ownership of everything in his domain, including the outcome and everything that 
 affects it. This is the most fundamental building block of leadership that cuts across all other principles. When something goes wrong, a true 
 leader doesn’t find excuses or blame others. He puts aside his ego, takes full responsibility for the outcome, and reviews what he must do 
 differently as a leader to create success. If an under-performer is dragging the team down, it’s the leader’s role to train and mentor the 
 person. If people aren’t doing what they should, it’s the leader’s responsibility to clarify the mission and action plan, get people’s 
 commitment and equip them to perform their roles.Requires that you put aside your own ego and review what you must do differently as a leader 
 to create success. This involves accepting criticisms, securing resources, winning hearts and minds, building clarity and processes.
  Extreme Ownership:   
     Extreme ownership is taking absolute responsibility for everything that impacts your or your team’s mission. This includes challenges, 
 successes, failures, and everything in between. With extreme ownership, you can start solving problems and stop playing the blame game.   
     The operation kicked off before sunrise. The main event in the chapter is when the sniper element of the SEALs was embroiled in a series 
 of deadly attacks;  they requested QRF, which literary meant they were in pain and needed urgent help: Willink was quick to react. He requested 
 the SEAL accompanying him to follow the tank and see if they can offer any assistance.hooting fiercely towards the building and claimed there 
 was someone among them who betrayed and putting up a serious fight. It was kind confusing for the author because the information stated that 
 the sniper SEALs were to occupy the building. Willink took on the courage to approach the building to confirm if it was a real insurgent 
 putting up a fight, or whether it was the SEAL sniper. It surprised him to find out that it was blue-on-blue friendly fire, which meant the 
 fight was between the same platoon squads.The whole chapter is built on this incident. Willink found himself in deep thought trying to figure 
 out what went wrong and who to blame. Friendly fire was considered as one of the deadliest sins to be committed by a SEAL commander. In most 
 cases, the commanders are ousted and an investigating officer is sent to present a report on what went wrong. Willink later debriefed the 
 entire team and resorted to taking the blame for everything that happened, since he was the commander. This was a crucial decision as it 
 calmed the anxiety of the troops and fostered the trust amongst his juniors, earning him respect among the U.S. Marine conventional commanders.  
     business perspective, Willink had an encounter with the company vice president (VP). The meeting was meant to solve the problem of the 
 organization that had led to poor performances despite the manager being qualified. In every board meeting, the VP provided a myriad of excuses 
 on why the targets were not being met. Willink was tasked to advise the VP prior to the next scheduled meeting.  In their conversation, he 
 found out that the employees’ primary problem was that they never understood how the VP wanted the plan executed. Willink mentioned to the 
 VP that his failure to explain the plan to the juniors was the main cause, which lead to the juniors never understanding the plan. 
 Willink advised the manager to take responsibility and own up to his previous mistakes. When the VP was called to address the board of 
 directors at a subsequent meeting, he owned up to the mistakes that resulted in the company to not achieve its manufacturing targets.  
      Leadership is the single greatest factor in any team’s performance. Whether a team succeeds or fails depends on the leader. Good 
 leaders don’t make excuses. Instead, they figure out a way to succeed.The leader must be ready to accept blame and develop a plan to win. 
 Willink says that the best leaders do not simply take responsibility for their job; they take extreme ownership of everything that impacts on 
 their mission. He also states that this core principle proved to be reliable when he was working as a Navy SEALs on the battlefield. 
 Extreme ownership is not just a principle whose application is limited on the battlefield; it can be adopted by any team, organization or 
 group that is determined to win. Leaders must be ready to take ownership of absolutely everything and try to come up with plans that can 
 help in winning.
     
       Set in southern Carolina where Willink and a convention of under SEAL commanders were conducting a class in basic underwater demolition. 
 The class had reached the level where it was referred to as the “hell week”. This is normally characterized by heavy physical activity and 
 intense training, and where the students underwent training for seventy-two hours consecutively-and how most of them opted out during this 
 phase. The hell week ended the dreams of many young ones who had ambitions of serving in the Navy.The BUD/S (Basic Under Demolition/Seal) 
 students were initially grouped into two different teams with each being assigned a leader. These teams were supposed to sail the boats 
 through the waves of the powerful Atlantic Ocean without failure; they had to depend on one another and with the help of their leader to 
 reach the other end. A phenomenon was observed, specifically at how Team A was performing a significantly better than Team B. The conventional 
 leader then opted to swap the leaders to see if any change in performance will be observed. Subsequently, they noticed that the performance 
 in Team A remained constant even after the leader was changed. This meant that the team did not rely on the leader, but instead they 
 depended on the team spirit they had developed. Performance of Team B also improved because the new leader injected new energy and 
 motivation. Willink and the rest of the team observed that it was not a matter of bad teams, but rather bad leadership.
       business perspective, Willink had an interaction with a Chief Technology Officer (CTO) whose performance fell below the expected 
 standards. He was good at framing excuses and shifting blame to his juniors. After they had a talk with Willink, he was very reluctant in 
 embracing the concept of extreme ownership. He advised the owners of the company to replace him because he felt the main problem was the CTO. 
 After replacing the CTO, the company began to register improved performance and meeting its targets. The owners of the company contacted 
 Willink to confirm that, indeed, it was not a matter of bad teams but rather bad leadership.
       Leaders fundamentally decide their teams’ level of performance. Under the right leadership, any team can thrive.Leaders must have a 
 resolute belief in the team’s mission. They must also communicate the strategy very clearly to subordinates and allow them to ask questions 
 until they also believe in the mission and strategy. Finally, the leader needs to continue listening and supporting subordinates in order to 
 maintain belief and ensure flawless execution.A good example is a BUD/S members on crew V1. They were underperforming because their leader 
 was visionless and lacked a way to encourage and motivate them. Willink says that incorporating extreme ownership in all ranks will cultivate 
 a culture whereby the juniors will not rely on the motivation of the leader or encouragement but rather, they will learn to do things by 
 themselves.  
