                                                                           24/3/22 - Thursday
         
                      This is my 3rd day of my session.Today i will learn networking hardwares & protocals & OSI model & problem solving & Git.Its lots of session  
  contected today.More number of hardwares used in the network marketing.Networking hardware, Computers need networking hardware in order to connect to each other.
  Routers , hubs , switches and bridges are all pieces of networking equipment that can perform slightly different tasks.Protocal is set of rules & conventions.
  And then OSI MODEL is the Open Systems Interconnection (OSI) model describes seven layers that computer systems use to communicate over a network.Problem solving 
  is nothing but understand the problem first and then write down the all constraints & list out the problem & arrange the operations.Git is a one of the terminal.
  Git is a DevOps tool used for source code management. It is a free and open-source version control system used to handle small to very large projects efficiently. 
  Git is used to tracking changes in the source code, enabling multiple developers to work together on non-linear development.

                            *Network hardware
                            *Protocals
                            *Osi models

  Network hardware;
                Networking hardware, also known as network equipment or computer networking devices, are electronic devices which are required for communication 
   and interaction between devices on a computer network. Specifically, they mediate data transmission in a computer network.
     
                There are seven main device are used to build a network;
                        
                                         *Network interface card
                                         *Hub
                                         *Switch
                                         *Bridges
                                         *Routers
                                         *network cables
                                         *Moderm

     Network interface card;
                       NIC is a component of the computer to connect it to a network. Network cards are of two types: Internal network cards and external 
       network cards.

     Hub;
        A hub is a multiport repeater having several input/output ports, so that input at any port is available at every other port.
    
     Switches;
         A switch receives data from a port, uses packet switching to resolve the destination device and then forwards the data to the particular destination, 
      rather than broadcasting it as a hub.

     Bridges;
         A bridge connects two separate Ethernet network segments. It forwards packets from the source network to the destined network.
         
     Routers;
         A router is a connecting device that transfers data packets between different computer networks. Typically, they are used to connect a PC or an 
      organization’s LAN to a broadband internet connection. They contain RJ-45 ports so that computers and other devices can connect with them using 
      network cables.

     Network cables;
         Network cables are the transmission media to transfer data from one device to another. A commonly used network cable is category 5 cable with 
      RJ – 45 connector.
     
     Moderm;
        * A modem is a hardware device that allows the computer to connect to the internet over the existing telephone line.
        * A modem is not integrated with the motherboard rather than it is installed on the PCI slot found on the motherboard.
        * It stands for Modulator/Demodulator. It converts the digital data into an analog signal over the telephone lines.


  Protocals;
         A network protocol is an established set of rules that determine how data is transmitted between different devices in the same network. Essentially,
     it allows connected devices to communicate with each other, regardless of any differences in their internal processes, structure or design.

             * TCP: Transmission Control Protocal;
                       TCP is a transport layer protocol that provides a reliable stream delivery and virtual connection service to applications through the use 
     of sequenced acknowledgement. TCP is a connection-oriented protocol, as it requires a connection to be established between applications before data transfer. 
     Through flow control and acknowledgement of data, TCP provides extensive error checking. TCP ensures sequencing of data, meaning the data packets arrive in 
     order at the receiving end. Retransmission of lost data packets is also feasible with TCP.

    Advantages

      * TCP ensures three things: data reaches the destination, reaches it on time, and reaches it without duplication.
      * TCP automatically breaks data into packets before transmission.

    Disadvantages

      * TCP cannot be used for broadcast and multicast connections.

            * IP:Internet protocal;
               IPv4 is a network layer protocol that contains addressing and control information, which helps packets be routed in a network. IP works in 
     tandem with TCP to deliver data packets across the network. Under IP, each host is assigned a 32-bit address comprised of two major parts: the network 
     number and host number. The network number identifies a network and is assigned by the internet, while the host number identifies a host on the network and 
     is assigned by a network admin. The IP is only responsible for delivering the packets, and TCP helps puts them back in the right order.

       Advantages

          * IPv4 encrypts data to ensure privacy and security.
          * With IP, routing data becomes more scalable and economical.

       Disadvantages

          * IPv4 is labor intensive, complex, and prone to errors.

   OSI Models;
           The OSI Model (Open Systems Interconnection Model) is a conceptual framework used to describe the functions of a networking system. The OSI model 
    characterizes computing functions into a universal set of rules and requirements in order to support interoperability between different products and software.
                      
                                     * Physical Layer.
                                     * Data Link Layer. 
                                     * Network Layer. 
                                     * Transport Layer. 
                                     * Session Layer.  
                                     * Presentation Layer.
                                     * Application Layer.

          Physical layer;
                     The physical layer is responsible for the physical cable or wireless connection between network nodes. It defines the connector, the electrical
     cable or wireless technology connecting the devices, and is responsible for transmission of the raw data, which is simply a series of 0s and 1s, while taking 
     care of bit rate control. 

          Data link layer;
                     The data link layer establishes and terminates a connection between two physically-connected nodes on a network. It breaks up packets into 
     frames and sends them from source to destination. This layer is composed of two parts—Logical Link Control (LLC), which identifies network protocols, 
     performs error checking and synchronizes frames, and Media Access Control (MAC) which uses MAC addresses to connect devices and define permissions to 
     transmit and receive data.

          Network layer;
                     The network layer has two main functions. One is breaking up segments into network packets, and reassembling the packets on the receiving end.
      The other is routing packets by discovering the best path across a physical network. The network layer uses network addresses (typically Internet 
      Protocol addresses) to route packets to a destination node.
  
          Transport layer;
                     The transport layer takes data transferred in the session layer and breaks it into “segments” on the transmitting end. It is responsible 
      for reassembling the segments on the receiving end, turning it back into data that can be used by the session layer. The transport layer carries out 
      flow control, sending data at a rate that matches the connection speed of the receiving device, and error control, checking if data was received 
      incorrectly and if not, requesting it again.

          Session layer;
                     The session layer creates communication channels, called sessions, between devices. It is responsible for opening sessions, ensuring they 
      remain open and functional while data is being transferred, and closing them when communication ends. The session layer can also set checkpoints during 
      a data transfer—if the session is interrupted, devices can resume data transfer from the last checkpoint.

          Presentation layer;
                     The presentation layer prepares data for the application layer. It defines how two devices should encode, encrypt, and compress data so it
      is received correctly on the other end. The presentation layer takes any data transmitted by the application layer and prepares it for transmission over 
      the session layer.

          Application layer;
                     The application layer is used by end-user software such as web browsers and email clients. It provides protocols that allow software to send 
      and receive information and present meaningful data to users. A few examples of application layer protocols are the Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP),
      File Transfer Protocol (FTP), Post Office Protocol (POP), Simple Mail Transfer Protocol (SMTP), and Domain Name System (DNS).

