                                                                COMPUTER NETWORKING;
  
      Computer networking;
                       Computer networking refers to interconnected computing devices that can exchange data and share resources with each other. These networked
       devices use a system of rules, called communications protocols, to transmit information over physical or wireless technologies.

      Types of computer networking;
      
                       *Local area network.
                       *Personal area network.
                       *Metropolitan area network.
                       *Wide area network.
                       *Wirelesslocal area network.
                       *Campus area network.
                       *Storage area network.
                       *System area network.
                       *Passive optical local area network.
                       *Enterprise private network.
                       *Virtual private network.
 
       1) Local area network;
                         The smallest and most basic type of network, a PAN is made up of a wireless modem, a computer or two, phones, printers, tablets, etc., and
     revolves around one person in one building. These types of networks are typically found in small offices or residences, and are managed by one person or 
     organization from a single device.
   
       2) Personal area network;
                         We’re confident that you’ve heard of these types of networks before – LANs are the most frequently discussed networks, one of the most common,      one of the most original and one of the simplest types of networks. LANs connect groups of computers and low-voltage devices together across short distances 
     (within a building or between a group of two or three buildings in close proximity to each other) to share information and resources. Enterprises typically 
     manage and maintain LANs.
     
                         Using routers, LANs can connect to wide area networks (WANs, explained below) to rapidly and safely transfer data.
      
       3) Metropolitan area network;
                         These types of networks are larger than LANs but smaller than WANs – and incorporate elements from both types of networks. MANs span an 
       entire geographic area (typically a town or city, but sometimes a campus). Ownership and maintenance is handled by either a single person or company 
       (a local council, a large company, etc.)
       
       4)Wide area network;
                         Slightly more complex than a LAN, a WAN connects computers together across longer physical distances. This allows computers and low-voltag 
       devices to be remotely connected to each other over one large network to communicate even when they’re miles apart.
       
                         The Internet is the most basic example of a WAN, connecting all computers together around the world. Because of a WAN’s vast reach, it is 
       typically owned and maintained by multiple administrators or the public.

       5) Campus area network;
                         Larger than LANs, but smaller than metropolitan area networks (MANs, explained below), these types of networks are typically seen in 
      universities, large K-12 school districts or small businesses. They can be spread across several buildings that are fairly close to each other so users can
       share resources.

       6) Storage area network;
                         As a dedicated high-speed network that connects shared pools of storage devices to several servers, these types of networks don’t rely on
       a LAN or WAN. Instead, they move storage resources away from the network and place them into their own high-performance network. SANs can be accessed in the 
       same fashion as a drive attached to a server. Types of storage-area networks include converged, virtual and unified SANs.

       7) Wireless area network;
                         Functioning like a LAN, WLANs make use of wireless network technology, such as Wi-Fi. Typically seen in the same types of applications as
       LANs, these types of networks don’t require that devices rely on physical cables to connect to the network.

       8) System area network;
                         This term is fairly new within the past two decades. It is used to explain a relatively local network that is designed to provide
       high-speed connection in server-to-server applications (cluster environments), storage area networks (called “SANs” as well) and processor-to-processor
       applications. The computers connected on a SAN operate as a single system at very high speeds.

       9) Passive optical local area network;
                         As an alternative to traditional switch-based Ethernet LANs, POLAN technology can be integrated into structured cabling to overcome concern
        about supporting traditional Ethernet protocols and network applications such as PoE (Power over Ethernet). A point-to-multipoint LAN architecture, POLAN 
        uses optical splitters to split an optical signal from one strand of singlemode optical fiber into multiple signals to serve users and devices.

       10) Enterprise private network;
                         These types of networks are built and owned by businesses that want to securely connect its various locations to share computer resources.
                        
       11) virtual private network;
                          By extending a private network across the Internet, a VPN lets its users send and receive data as if their devices were connected to the
        private network – even if they’re not. Through a virtual point-to-point connection, users can access a private network remotely.


     Examples of computer networking,
                              A computer network, also referred to as a data network, is a series of interconnected nodes that can transmit, receive and exchange 
        data, voice and video traffic. Examples of nodes in a network include servers or modems. Computer networks commonly help endpoint users share resources 
        and communicate.

     What is an enterprise private network?
                              An enterprise private network is the internal network for any organization. It includes the physical and virtual network 
        infrastructure that enables organizations to:

                                         * Run cloud-based applications
                                         * Analyze system performance
                                         * Share information internally and externally
                                         * Facilitate communication between employees
                                         * Communicate with external stakeholders
   
     Organizational scope; 
                   Networks are typically managed by the organizations that own them. Private enterprise networks may use a combination of intranets and 
        extranets. They may also provide network access to the Internet, which has no single owner and permits virtually unlimited global connectivity.
                                         * Intranet
                                         * Extranet
                                         * Internet
                                         * Darknet  
       
           INTRANET;
                  An intranet site is an internal website (or portal) that helps employees stay up-to-date with their company. It serves as a website, 
            communications channel, knowledge management tool, and collaboration platform.

           EXTRANET;
                  An extranet is a private network that enterprises use to provide trusted third parties -- such as suppliers, vendors, partners, customers 
            and other businesses -- secure, controlled access to business information or operations.

           INTERNET;
                  The Internet is a vast network that connects computers all over the world. Through the Internet, people can share information and communicat
             from anywhere with an Internet connection.
     
           DARKNET;
                  A dark net or darknet is an overlay network within the Internet that can only be accessed with specific software, configurations, or
             authorization, and often uses a unique customized communication protocol.
                
     Security;
            *Nerwork security
            *Network serveillance
            *End to end encryption
            *SSL/TLS
    
        NETWORK SECUIRITY;
                Network security is a broad term that covers a multitude of technologies, devices and processes. In its simplest term, it is a set of rules and 
          configurations designed to protect the integrity, confidentiality and accessibility of computer networks and data using both software and hardware 
          technologies.
          
        NETWORK SERVEILLANCE;
                Network surveillance is the monitoring of computer activity in a network. It is usually done covertly by organizations, governments or individuals
          to monitor illegal activities. A network engineer/operator, network equipment manufacturer or service provider should have the means to do surveillance 
          tasks related to networking. Network surveillance helps governments and organizations in understanding their user base and gathering intelligence. 
          However, at times it is perceived as a threat to network users as an invasion of privacy.
          
        END TO END ENCRYPTION;
                End-to-end encryption secures data on the user's device and only ever decrypts it on the recipient's device. This means, the data can never be
           decrypted on the server nor in transit nor on the user's device.
           
        SSL/TLS;
                 SSL/TLS encrypts communications between a client and server, primarily web browsers and web sites/applications. SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) 
          encryption, and its more modern and secure replacement, TLS (Transport Layer Security) encryption, protect data sent over the internet or a computer 
          network. 

